Ah. Mrs...Pae?
Oh. No deductible?
(CHUCKLES)
They should call you
Mrs. Co-Pay.
(CHUCKLES)
(SPEAKING KOREAN RAPIDLY)
Call the Korean
translator.
Already did.
He's on the way.
So, what's up?
Hey. I'm the translator.
Oh, thank God.
Oh. Uh...sorry.
We needed
a Korean translator.
Yeah. I get that a lot.
(SPEAKING KOREAN)
(SPEAKS KOREAN)
Uh...yeah.
Mrs. Pae's had stomach pains
for the last few days,
can't keep anything down.
Also, she wanted
to apologize to you.
She assumed
you were Korean.
I am Korean.
(SPEAKS KOREAN)
(CHUCKLING) No!
Yeah.
(SPEAKS KOREAN)
(BOTH LAUGH)
What'd she say?
Oh, you wouldn't understand.
It's a Korean thing.
(BOTH LAUGH)
Just tell her
I'll see her
in two weeks.
(SPEAKING KOREAN)
Bye-bye!
She says, "Bye-bye."
Okay.
What was that about?
(SCOFFS) Luke Cage
over there had to
translate Korean for me.
Ken, do you know any Korean?
Mmm. Si, si.
Un poquito.
Mas o meno.
I keep telling him
if he wants to learn more,
he should go to Korean class
with Dave.
And I keep telling her,
"No, no, no, no, no, no."
Look, when I was a kid,
my dad made me go to
Korean school
every Saturday morning,
and it was sheer torture!
While my friends were
watching cartoons,
I was getting yelled at
by the hardass teacher.
She'd make me
stand in the corner
for cracking jokes.
That's a good idea.
We should start
doing that.
Fine.
Don't take the class.
But then don't whine
every time you feel ashamed
for not knowing Korean.
(SCOFFS)
It's my process, Allison.
I whine,
my laziness kicks in,
the bad feelings pass,
and I cozy up in denial
until the next time
I don't feel Korean.
That's how I do!
I know I say this a lot,
but...hang in there, girl.
Love this.
(CHUCKLES)
Okay, so you know
Kathleen Parker,
the nurses union rep?
Well, she resigned.
Messy divorce, tragic.
And guess who got elected.
(INHALES SHARPLY) Me.
Really?
Mmm-hmm.
You're going to negotiate
the nurses contract?
Hey, I will have you know
I am a deft negotiator
when I need to be.
I convinced every
high-school girlfriend I had
that we should
save ourselves
for marriage.
(CHUCKLES)
Is it true?
Am I actually
gonna be negotiating
the new nurses contract
against you?
Wait, what?
You're representing
management?
Yes, I am.
Wounded gazelle,
meet hungry hyena.
It's feeding time.
(CHUCKLES)
Oh. And congratulations
on being elected.
That's quite an honor.
But still...
Feeding time.
Ooh.
I have to negotiate
with Pat?
Ooh.
He is vicious!
I know!
I dated him,
and somehow he always had
a way of getting
what he wanted.
I didn't even want
to date him!
(WOMAN SPEAKING KOREAN)
Hey, pal.
What are you watching?
A Korean soap opera.
My teacher says it helps
to hear it spoken.
That man's no good for you,
Young-Mi!
She always goes
for the bad boys.
You can follow this?
Yeah.
The writing is pedestrian,
but I do love my stories!
(GASPS)
Whoa, Dave.
All that salt can be
deleterious to your health.
Whoa!
Someone's been boning up
on her SAT vocab.
Spoken with veracity, Mom.
When I was prepping
for the SATs,
my parents would try
and stump me with big words,
but... (CHUCKLES)
they never could.
Well, Mom,
I bet I could
lambaste you
in a verbal concours.
Ooh!
Comin' for the queen.
(CHUCKLES)
Someone's sounding
vainglorious.
Now you're just being
supercilious.
(SCOFFS)
You're both being
super silly.
Oh. My friends are coming
for card game tonight.
Living room off-limits.
What? So I have to
stay out of my living room
all evening?
Well, not all evening.
Come back around 9:00
with a big bag of ice.
Can you believe that?
I know. The card game?
It's awesome!
In what way?
My dad's been playing Go-Stop
forever with those guys.
They're super-cool.
I always wanted to be
in that group.
They're like
the Korean Expendables.
(CHUCKLES)
Except they're not
expendable.
They need each other
to play the game.
You'll see when you
come back with ice.
I'm not getting ice.
Whoa!
Or you can take
that frosty tone of yours
and just yell at some water,
then we'll have
plenty of ice.
Look, I didn't say anything
when he invited himself
to move in
or when he forgot
to move out.
I even kept quiet
when he ruined
three doorjambs
by putting in
pull-up bars.
Sure, your dad is jacked,
but this is crossing a line.
Well, fine.
I'll just tell him
he absolutely can't have
his game here.
Chul can't make it tonight.
We need a fourth.
You want to play?
Oh, my God!
Yes, Papa! Yes!
Ken,
say hi to the guys!
Dad! I was gonna!
Now it's gonna seem forced.
Hi, guys.
Thanks for letting me play.
It's a real honor.
Oh. Chul can't make it.
I had to scramble
for a replacement.
Less than ideal.
I'm just happy
to be here.
(SPEAKING KOREAN)
Thanks!
I just got it cut.
Yeah.
We could use some rain.
Uh, uh, a little slower
and one at a time?
My...name...is...Bum-Kun.
What...is...yours?
(ALL LAUGHING)
ALL: Dave!
Dave speaks
good Korean.
I don't know.
His accent's
all over the place.
(CHUCKLING) Okay, guys.
I know you're ragging on me.
Oh, no.
They say nice things.
Really?
Yeah.
And they also say,
"Happy Opposite Day!"
(ALL LAUGHING)
(CHUCKLING)
"Opposite day."
Can we just start the game?
(CHUCKLES)
Okay.
Ken. Rules here are same
as in Korea. Mmm?
Okay.
Oh. Sorry.
That's the peninsula country
in Asia,
where we come from!
(ALL LAUGHING)
BUM-KUN: "Peninsula"!
"Korea"!
(ALL SPEAKING KOREAN)
This Saturday, I'm going
to Korean school with you.
Good for you, Dad.
We can explore
our heritage together.
(SCOFFING) Yeah.
And I'm gonna shove it
in their smug faces.
And the heritage thing,
honey.
Good afternoon,
Welltopia board members.
I know you've had a chance
to look at our proposal.
Our main points being
shorter shifts
and a more reasonable
nurse-to-patient ratio.
I think the shifts
are the right length,
and studies I've seen
back me up.
Sorry...
Which studies are those?
Hold on.
You think I made that up?
No. I...
Are you questioning
my integrity?
No. I was just wondering...
I think you're questioning
my integrity.
Seems like
you're questioning
my integrity!
Why don't we just
ask some people who are
definitely objective
if you're questioning
my integrity?
Guys?
Well, there you go.
They're not objective.
Whoa! Whoa, whoa!
It's one thing
to go after me,
but Lex, Harley, and Carol,
they did not sign up
for this.
Okay. Let's just
stop and focus on
nurse-to-patient ratio.
What about it?
Well, as you can see,
it needs to be improved.
Well, the thing I'm hearing
again and again
is that it's just great.
Where are you
hearing that?
Well, from Lex and Harley
and Carol.
Carol just can't
shut up about it.
Well, see, the nurses
don't agree with that.
And you've got studies?
There are several studies.
We actually cite some
in our...
Oh, so you get to
use studies but I don't!
I am sorry.
I am so sorry.
I thought this was gonna be
a civil negotiation.
I did not know
that he would come in here
using his mind games
and try to bat me around
like some sort of cat toy!
(STAMMERING)
I wasn't!
Look, could we please just
get back to shorter shifts?
(SIGHS)
You're right.
We won't make shifts longer.
What?
No, we were trying
to make them shorter.
(LAUGHING)
Well, not longer
is shorter.
So we agree,
shifts stay the same.
All right, people,
let's come back to this
tomorrow, all right?
You know, just to
dot the I's
and cross the T's.
Well, this guy
would probably want us to
dot the T's
and cross the I's,
am I right?
(ALL LAUGHING)
Hey, this was fun.
"Ken."
We're counting.
Oh.
Four.
In Korean.
(AS D.K.) Four.
That's just an accent.
And offensive.
Oh, I'm not mocking
Koreans.
I'm mocking my dad,
who happens to be Korean.
That's called satire.
Teachable moment.
Dr. Park,
did you study the material
that the school
e-mailed you?
(GASPS) I'm offended
you think just because
I'm Korean,
I love to study.
Satire again.
Reclaiming
the stereotype... No?
Dr. Park, it seems
you neither speak
nor understand any Korean.
No! I'm just a little rusty,
Mrs. Ahn.
Come on.
Teach, teach!
Whose dad is that?
Hey, Mom. Fun top.
Are you feeling effervescent
today?
Ohhh!
Vivacious or enthusiastic?
No. If anything,
I'm a little lugubrious.
Aw. Sad and mournful?
Maybe because of your
insufficient verbosity.
Can you believe
her impudence?
No.
(SPEAKING KOREAN)
Who can translate that?
Oh, oh!
I think I know this. Uh...
"Where...is...the...zoo"?
That's my dad!
Okay, Dr. Park.
Now can you answer it?
Answer what?
"Where is the zoo?"
Okay.
Where is the zoo?
Uh, you take your..."cha."
Vroom, vroom.
Uh...
(SPEAKING GIBBERISH KOREAN)
101-South-ya?
(CONTINUES SPEAKING GIBBERISH)
Glendale-Freeway, ya?
Zoo Drive exit-ya.
The phrase I was looking for
is "Over there."
Dr. Park,
can you say "over there"?
Oh!
Sorry.
I have an itch.
(WHISPERING) Psst.
Korean Three. Hook me up.
(INHALES DEEPLY)
Ttong-koo-mong.
Dad!
(ALL LAUGHING)
What'd I say?
Apparently, the zoo has been
relocated to my bottom.
Dr. Park,
go in the back corner.
Not again.
(ALL LAUGHING)
Hey! How are
negotiations going?
Suckily.
Whenever I start to talk
about our proposal,
he finds a way
to words my twist.
See? He is in my now
right head.
God, this is hopeless.
Clark, you know what?
If you can't stand up
for yourself,
stand up for
the hundreds of nurses
who are counting on you.
You're right.
They need me.
Yeah, they do!
I have to be strong
for them.
There you go!
I have to do
whatever it takes.
Absolutely!
Even if it means a strike!
That's... Wait, what?
(SCOFFS)
No, no, no, no, no.
A strike would shut
this whole place down.
I can't afford
not to work.
What happened to standing up
and being strong?
Well, okay. Do that on
your own damn time.
I gots to get paid.
You messing
with my wage money.
Now, boy, you're tripping.
Dad! We're gonna be late
for Korean school.
Yeah, listen.
I'm done with that.
You're quitting? Why?
A, I'm old.
B, I'm a moron.
K, Korean is
freaking hard.
You're just frustrated.
You feel like it should come
naturally, and it doesn't.
It should. I'm Korean.
I'm owed this.
But you're getting it.
You were able to say
"Where is the zoo"?
(SCOFFS) Yeah.
Before I did my time
in the corner.
You think it was easy
for Grandpa to learn English
when he came here?
But he didn't give up.
I don't know, Dave.
Okay.
You want to know why
I'm taking the class?
Is it that quiet girl,
Korean Seven?
No. You know
I'm spoken for.
I'm doing it because
it connects all of us.
Me, you, Grandpa,
everyone that came before us.
I don't want to be the one
who breaks the chain.
Do you?
Damn!
Son, you don't play around.
You know what?
Let's do this.
(CHUCKLES)
I'll go get the "cha."
Attaboy, Dad.
Remind me,
101-ya to Western-ya?
Ya.
How am I supposed to get
all my wigs...
CLARK: Oh, so you're gonna
be mad at me now?
What's going on?
Oh, we're reading
the nurses newsletter,
and Norma Rae over here
wants to shut
the whole place down.
I told you
I don't want to,
but Pat won't budge
on our demands.
We have no choice.
By the way, when did everyone
start reading Nurses First?
Just because no one read it
when my poem was in there.
Oh, we read it.
Look, I'm sorry, Clark,
but the bottom line is,
nobody wants a strike.
I'm with Damona.
Me too.
Sorry, Clark.
But in order to treat
those patients, we need...
You heard them.
No one wants a strike.
You stand alone.
Like the cheese.
You know.
"The cheese stands alone."
No "Farmer in the Dell"
fans here?
Well,
it's still a good song.
Wait.
I've got something to say.
What?
More of your mind games?
Pat, enough!
I represent
the Welltopia Nurses' Union.
I was elected by 127 nurses
to speak for them.
And nothing, nothing is
more important to me
than getting us what we need
to care for our patients.
This isn't just about
higher salaries
or longer breaks.
We're not doing this
for ourselves.
We're doing it for patients
like, like Audra Middleton,
diabetic, mother of two.
And when she comes in here
for her insulin management,
she deserves better
than an exhausted nurse
that just saw 30 patients
in the time
they should've seen 12!
Or Heather Michaels,
an E.R. nurse
who became a patient
because she fell asleep
at the wheel
after working a double shift
in our understaffed E.R.
And then the irony is,
she came back to that E.R.
in an ambulance,
only to be tended to
by other exhausted nurses.
So on behalf of
all of those patients
and all of
the dedicated nurses
that take care of them,
I am going to do
the right thing,
even if that thing
is a strike.
You know what?
I'm with Clark.
Me too.
He's right.
The patients come first.
(SIGHS)
Uh...
You know,
when we started this,
I assumed it was all
just a money grab,
because...
Well, it always is.
But not with you, huh?
You really value patient care
above everything else.
I'm a nurse.
That's what we do.
Yeah.
Well, I can't beat that.
We'll draw up
a new contract.
Thank you.
Well done.
Oh, my God!
Did you guys see that?
That was amazing!
(LAUGHING)
I feel like
my knowledge of vocabulary
adumbrates
a good SAT score.
Yep. Me too.
You don't know it,
do you?
No.
You stumped me.
"Adumbrate,
to foreshadow or portend."
Ha!
Thanks for playing, Mom.
Hey, maybe
you should call Yale,
ask them for a refund?
Hilarious.
But I'll gladly lose
a silly competition
if it helps you
with the SAT.
And you're gonna do great.
Thanks, Mom.
(CHUCKLES)
"Adumbrate."
You're a dumb brate.
Guys are here.
We need ice and scotch.
What?
Another card game?
No. I got to
put my foot down.
You need to show me
more respect than that.
Ah. Respect.
(SMACKS LIPS)
Almost forgot.
Here.
House cut from last time.
(SCOFFS) What, you think
you can just buy me off
with a few...
Whoa.
Okay, D.K.
Have a great game.
(CHUCKLES)
Yeah,
I'll get some ice.
And scotch, was it?
Hello, Father.
Hey.
Gentlemen.
Hello, American Ken!
(ALL LAUGHING)
How...are...you?
(SPEAKING KOREAN)
ALL: Ohhh!
Oh, you learn that sentence
from Korean book. Big deal.
Yeah, you got me.
Ttong-koo-mung.
Ooh!
Oh, snap!
He got you!
In your face!
Ah. Sit down, Ken.
I'll deal you in.
Really?
Yeah.
You're one of the guys.
You see what I did there?
I used the formal tense.
(CHUCKLES) Yeah, Mrs. Ahn
told me use to formal tense
when I talk to old people.
Don't worry.
Chul will be back
next week.
(WOMAN SHOUTING IN KOREAN)
(ALL GASP)
Young-Mi has
a long-lost twin?
Yeah. Mi-Young.
Clever.
Wait a minute.
I thought she died
when she gotten eaten
by that escalator.
Yeah, but they put it
in reverse,
and it brought her
back to life.
Ah. That checks out
medically.
Ohhh!
No, she didn't!
Oh, yeah, she did!
Classic Young-Mi.